README.md, before:

Power Shell Utility Scripts
===========================

This repository contains a collection of powershell scripts that I use in my day to day development activities. 

## Get Started

Clone this repository, and start using the powershell scripts. 

## How to report issues raise feature requests

Head to the jira for the project https://github.com/brgorrie/PowerShellUtilityScripts/issues to raise any issues or feature requests.

## The scripts

### GitPull-AllSubdirectories.ps1

This script will iterate through all the subdirectories of the specified directory or if no parameter is supplied all the subdirectories of the current directory.  It will check if the directory is for a git repository, and that it has a remote configured.  If it does have a remote configured it will then do a git pull to update the local clone of the repository.

Example useage with no path parameter:

```
   PS C:\> cd c:\git
   PS C:\git> .\PowerShellUtilityScripts\Scripts\GitPull-AllSubdirectories.ps1
```   

Example useage with a path parameter:
```
   PS C:\git> cd .\PowerShellUtilityScripts\Scripts\
   PS C:\git\PowerShellUtilityScripts\Scripts> .\GitPull-AllSubdirectories.ps1 c:\git   
```

Commit message:

updated readme and added paramaeter to script for output directory.

README.md, after:

Power Shell Utility Scripts
===========================

This repository contains a collection of powershell scripts that I use in my day to day development activities. 

## Get Started

Clone this repository, and start using the powershell scripts. 

## How to report issues raise feature requests

Head to the jira for the project https://github.com/brgorrie/PowerShellUtilityScripts/issues to raise any issues or feature requests.

## The scripts

### GitPull-AllSubdirectories.ps1

#### Description
This script will iterate through all the subdirectories of the specified directory or if no parameter is supplied all the subdirectories of the current directory.  It will check if the directory is for a git repository, and that it has a remote configured.  If it does have a remote configured it will then do a git pull to update the local clone of the repository.

#### Parameter: path
Optional parameter that specifies the path to the directory containing subdirectories to check. Defaults to the current directory if no parameters are specified.

#### Example useage with no path parameter

```
   PS C:\> cd c:\git
   PS C:\git> .\PowerShellUtilityScripts\Scripts\GitPull-AllSubdirectories.ps1
```   

#### Example useage with a path parameter
```
   PS C:\git> cd .\PowerShellUtilityScripts\Scripts\
   PS C:\git\PowerShellUtilityScripts\Scripts> .\GitPull-AllSubdirectories.ps1 c:\git   
```

### Concatenate-Files.ps1

#### Description
   This script takes an optional parameter which can specify a file extension, if one isn't specified then *.cs files are what is searched for.
   The script searches for files with that extension in the current directory and all subdirectories concatenating them together into a *.txt file in the specified output directory.
   The output file name is in the following format All[FileExtension]Files_YYYY-MM-DD_HH-mm-ss.txt for example AllCsFiles_2023-02-25_22-50-14.txt

#### Parameter FileExtension
   Optional parameter that specifies the file extension to search for and concatenate.  If not specified then the script defaults to *.cs files. 
   
#### Parameter OutputDirectory
   Optional parameter that specifies the output directory for the concatenated file. If not specified then the default directory is C:\git.
   
#### Example useage to concatenate all *.cs files in a repo
```
   PS C:\> cd c:\git\DiceRoller
   PS C:\git\DiceRoller> .\PowerShellUtilityScripts\Scripts\Concetenate-Files.ps1 -FileExtension cs -OutputDirectory C:\output
```
